Currently licensed - 	This file is a tab-delimited text file. 
			The first row contains the column names. 
			Below is an english version of the field names and a brief description.


Column			Datatype/Max length	Description
prc_first_name		char(20)		First Name
prc_middle_name		char(20)		Middle Name
prc_last_name		char(35)		Last Name
prc_suffix			char(10)		Suffix
ba_address			char(35)		Contact At Address line 1
ba_2address			char(35)		Contact At Address line 2
ba_city				char(25)		Contact At City
ba_state			char(2)			Contact At State
ba_zip				char(9)			Contact At Zip Code
ba_cnty				char(20)		Contact At County Name
ba_cntry			char(3)			Contact At Country Abbreviation
lic_profession		char(3)			License Profession code
lic_number			char(11)		License Number
lst_description		char(40)		License Status
les_description		char(35)		License Expiration Status
prc_dba_name		char(70)		Practitioner DBA name
lic_orig_issue_date	char(10)		License Original Issue Date
clas_description	char(35)		License Classification
lic_exp_date		char(10)		License Expiration Date
ctype_description	char(35)		Certification Type
cl_description		char(35)		Certification Level
prc_entity_name						Entity Name
ld_description						Discipline Status (if available)	
	
		